# Exercise 2
**Full Name:** Chris Daniel V. Rosales  
**Degree Program:** BS Computer Science  
**Live Website Link:** https://cmsc100-laboratory.github.io/02-my-github-page-cvrosales/  

**Steps on how to create GitHub page:**  
1. Change the visibility of Git repository to public.  
2. Configure GitHub Pages through the settings and select part of the branch that will host the static website.  
3. Create and push an html file into your GitHub repository.  
4. Access the website through the link generated by GitHub Pages.    

**Key Takeaways:**  
In this exercise, I applied what I knew about HTML and CSS to create a webpage of my portfolio. I was able to create an HTML document with the appropriate tags such as the headers, paragraphs, divs, links, images, and more. I assigned IDs to some elements for CSS styling. I created an external CSS styling for my webpage. I applied flex-box properties for the overall layout. I also searched some cool styling features, such as animations and gradients.  

From this exercise, I learned the importance of knowing how to create a basic webpage that contains basic texts, headers, links, and images. These elements are given some basic functionalities, especially links, which links to different sections of the webpage with divs and ids. I also realized how important pleasing styling is to a webpage. It is important to take note of principles of designs and create a responsive webpage for different screen and window sizes. There is a lot of CSS properties that can be used which makes designing webpages exciting.  

Aside from those, I am slowly getting used to using Git and GitHub. Although, there are some instances where my commit messages are still incorrect. I am realizing how this version control system helps in taking note of the changes in my code. I am still tring to figure out how often and how big changes should be before I commit them. 

**References:**  
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1elp25vnqrchWNadpBy-J_GbCL8umux-KLrcSzt84u1o/edit?usp=sharing